Clarify meaning of sentence in threat modeling guide (#2375)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/basics/threat-modeling.md

*Make a list of your adversaries or those who might want to get ahold of your assets. Your list may include individuals, a government agency, or corporations.*

> Depending on who your adversaries are, under some circumstances, this list might be something you want to destroy after you're done writing it.

Reviewer: This doesn't have the same meaning as the original text though. It's probably something more like:

```suggestion
Depending on who your adversaries are, this list might be something you want to destroy after you've finished developing your threat model.
```
